process: define documentation_management.rst (#436)
eclipse-score/score: docs/platform_management_plan/documentation_management.rst

   # SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
   # *******************************************************************************

.. document:: Documentation Management Plan
   :id: doc__documentation_mgt_plan
   :status: draft
   :safety: ASIL_B
   :tags: platform_management

Documentation Management
------------------------

Purpose
+++++++

The documentation management plan describes how documents are handled in the S-CORE project.

Objectives and scope
++++++++++++++++++++

Goal of this plan is to describe

* which documents exist
* which attributes and lifecycle they have
* how they are reviewed

Approach
++++++++

> .. gd_guidl:: Documentation

Reviewer: Unclear, why this is here, as it is a directive only for the process model?

Author: I wanted to keep the important information for the user in one place, so I put the guideline here.

   :id: gd_guidl__documentation
   :status: valid

>    :complies: std_req_iso26262__support_39, std_req_iso26262__support_40, std_req_iso26262__support_41, std_req_iso26262__support_42, std_req_iso26262__support_43, std_req_iso26262__support_44

Reviewer: links does not work, as these is a document, links to standards are not allowed

Reviewer 2: but gd_guidl is no document? in those links only the second underscore after req_ is missing

Author: The links do work now (just one of the "__" formatting topics). But added now also a process in the process model.

Some of the work products of the S-CORE project are modelled specifically
(e.g. the requirements and architecture have a specific set of attributes)
Others are modelled as general documents (e.g. the plans which are part of the program management plan or the verification reports).

This plan deals with these documents, which have the following manually set attributes:

* Title: the name of the document (mandatory)
* Unique Id: the name of the document (mandatory)
* Safety: which ASIL the document supports (mandatory)
* Status: describing where in the lifecycle of the document it currently is (mandatory)
* Tags: can be used to group documents for subsequent filtering (optional)

> Also the "Documentation Management" is a document, so an example for the document definition is provided in the header section above.

Reviewer: Unclear, is it the header on the top? for me that is not an example, is exactly what is expected, or not?

Author: modified text

The following additional attributes of the document are generated automatically during the documentation build:

* Author: from the github information on who last committed the file holding the document "source"
* Approver: from the github information on who was the last CODEOWNER performing the github review
* Reviewer: any additional reviewer performing the github review without CODEOWNER rights

The lifecycle of S-CORE documents has two states:

> * Draft: The document is filled with content but not completed, the existing content is reviewed and already applicable

Reviewer: RC: Adding an image may easier to understand

   :id: doc__documentation_mgt_plan
   :status: draft
   :safety: ASIL_B
   :tags: platform_management

Documentation Management Plan
-----------------------------

Purpose
+++++++

The documentation management plan describes how documents are handled in the S-CORE project.

Objectives and scope
++++++++++++++++++++

Goal of this plan is to describe

* which documents exist
* which attributes and lifecycle they have
* how they are reviewed

Approach
++++++++

.. gd_guidl:: Documentation
   :id: gd_guidl__documentation
   :status: valid
   :complies: std_req__iso26262__support_39, std_req__iso26262__support_40, std_req__iso26262__support_41, std_req__iso26262__support_42, std_req__iso26262__support_43, std_req__iso26262__support_44

Some of the work products of the S-CORE project are modelled specifically
(e.g. the requirements and architecture have a specific set of attributes)
Others are modelled as general documents (e.g. the plans which are part of the program management plan or the verification reports).

This plan deals with these documents, which have the following manually set attributes:

* Title: the name of the document (mandatory)

> * Unique Id: the name of the document (mandatory)

Reviewer 3: Here it looks like that the Title and the Unique Id have the same wording. Do we have a 40 character limitation for the working or should we point to the naming conventions of Unique Ids? 
```suggestion
* Unique Id: Id following the naming pattern of the document Title
```

* Safety: which ASIL the document supports (mandatory)
* Status: describing where in the lifecycle of the document it currently is (mandatory)
* Tags: can be used to group documents for subsequent filtering (optional)

Also the "Documentation Management" is a document, so an example for a correct document definition
can be seen in the header section above, see :need:`doc__documentation_mgt_plan`.

The following additional attributes of the document are generated automatically during the documentation build:

> * Author: from the github information on who last committed the file holding the document "source"

Reviewer 2: I would place here only a link to the change history of the document, if someone just corrects one typo he becomes the "Author" of the document

Author: Agreed that we set the author for now by hand.

* Approver: from the github information on who was the last CODEOWNER performing the github review
* Reviewer: any additional reviewer performing the github review without CODEOWNER rights

The lifecycle of S-CORE documents has two states:

* Draft: The document is filled with content but not completed, the existing content is reviewed and already applicable
* Valid: The document is completed and approved

If a document is invalidated it is removed from the project entirely. A document can also transition from Valid to Draft,
for example if a release was done with a Valid verification report and then the development for the next release is started.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Invalidated documents are still observable as part of the git history in the unlikely case of later referral (e.g. for design decisions or audit). In this way, there is even an option to recover the content.
```
